Journal of Jean-Francois DuPlessis.

I am a farmer from the Evangeline Valley along the St. Jimothy River. I write this journal as a memory of what has happened to me and as a warning. My tale is horror and I am most certainly being punished for sins I have committed. May the Lord, God please forgive me.

I found the odd door standing in the middle of the woods, just standing there, about 20 years ago. It wasn't a style common to the valley so I have no idea where it came from. I tried to knock it over but wouldnt budge. It had no frame and dispite how it stood. Picking it up made it seem impossibly light but when I looked closer it seemed to have been carved from a single piece of wood. The doorknob was also of a style and metal I had never seen before but it turned smoothly and the latch would go in and out without issue. 
I prayed to god that this wasn't some sort of evil thing. I should have trusted my instincts.

Despite the odd nature of it, I found it to be a lovely door and took it home to figure out what I could do with it. Carrying it was also odd, it was light and resisted being flipped over. Why I ignored this, I do not know.

The door stood in the barn for the longest time, hidden behind the hay, forgotten for two years until I needed a new front door on the house.
Why I remembered the devil's door then, only the good lord knows. I hope God can forgive me for my sins.

The door fit impossibly perfect in the door frame of the house, like it had been specifically made for it. The moment I placed it, it was already attached to the frame. Hinges that weren't there manifested while I checked the fit. The plate for the latch appeared when I wasn't looking. The door opened smoothly on well-oiled hinges and latched cleanly without rubbing. It felt like this door had always been there. This is when I first realized that observation kept its evil from manifesting. I would only realize too late how important observation would be when it came to the devil's door.

I believe the door has a way to alter how you feel about. To not question it how impossible its existence is. Now it's too late for me. I have no idea where the house is. I cannot even look out the windows anymore. 

Everything was fine for another year after I installed it. My wife never even questioned it, even praising me for making a fantastic door. I had hoped that if I never said anything to her about it, it would leave her alone. I guess it did, as when the door stopped opening to the valley, her and the baby weren't in the house. I knew then I had made a grave mistake, condemmed to the firey lake of damnation for the end of time. I tried to remove the door but nothing worked. The windows wouldn't shatter. I could open the door but it opened up to the middle of a field. The trees were wrong, unrecognizable from anything that grew in the valley. I looked back at the house and only saw the door with the sun shining overhead. I could see the hallway to the kitchen through it but only the forest around the frame, standing tall on its own in the middle of the woods like when I first came acrossed the cursed thing.

I was afraid. Afraid that I was in a place that God might not find me. Afraid that I had died an unforgiven sinner. 

I ran into the kitchen and grabbed the bottle of holy water. I had slammed the door shut and splashed it with the water, praying to the Lord to forgive and save me. 
It only made the door wet.

I spent a long time praying for forgivness, until my knees were sore and fell to the floor, exhausted.

I went to the storm cellar to get my axe from the stairs that led to the storm cellar door. Going outside the front door was pointless, the house had no outside here.
Whatever had happened to the house, the storm celler was there but empty. I had no idea what happned to the stores we kept down here. The axe was there on the stairs by the cellar doors leading outside. I had heard movement outside the doors and saw a shadow flicker through the gap between the two door panels. I put out the lantern and put it down whlie slowly grabbing the axe, staring through the crack of the door as I moved closer. 

Whatever was out there hadn't noticed me yet and while I couldn't see it, I could hear it towards the back of the house. I moved up to the doors and peeked through the crack. It was dark but I could see, like the twilight just before the sun goes down. I could see grass just beyond but where I had expected the barn to be, I saw nothing. I tried to look past all that, to see the mountain and the trees, but I saw nothing. I didn't see a horizon or a sky. Where ever the house was, it definitely wasn't in the valley I knew anymore. What I did see in the grey twiight was a wall, a wall of fancy wood panels with an impossibly high ceiling. I felt like I was in a doll house in a giant child's room. I prayed often during this time. I should have been paying attention to the creature outside.

It must have gone around the house entirely, coming now from the front and back to the storm cellar doors. I had been so enthralled by the strange wall in front of me that I hadn't noticed it until it sniffed at the crack again, this time having caught my scent. I jumped back in fright, uttering blasphemes that shame me to this day. I had originally assumed it was some sort of dog or coyote but it was impossibly large. I stood up with axe in hand, praying for forgiveness and protection. It stopped snuffling and instead gave a satisfied growl. I prayed harder as I heard the latch move and a hand slowly open the storm door. A devil beast stood in the stairs, a man of a rat with teeth the size of mortise chisles and claws the size of a bear's. 
It lunged and I felt the axe bury itself into its skull. The great Lord God saw to it to guide my hand as the creature writhed at my feet in its death throes. 

I saw fit to remove its demonic head from its shoulders. It had been hunched over before but was as tall as a man when laid straight. The devil did have the face of a rodent, its tail was easily five feet long on its own. This was the first of the beasts I would find within the halls of hell I found myself in. I thank the Lord that it was the only one to find me that first month. I had barred the storm doors from within the cellar so I set flame to the devil in the forest outside the front doors and then buried the ashes with a crucifix carved from the local trees, one in the grave and one above it.

I used this time to gather firewood and forage for food and water. I had found many fruits and plants unknown to me but they sustained me. I would soon discover another property of the house, nothing brought in ever decayed. I had no idea what this meant, but at least the food would keep. The forest had low hills and I even found a lake. Just like the other things I found in the forest, I didn't recognize the fish but they tasted just fine when roasted. I had begun to think that perhaps I should build a new home in this strange land, burn down the house with the devil's door and be rid of it. The only reason I had not yet was the hope that I would somehow open that door back to the valley I knew as home and see my wife and infant son. I pray constantly for them to be safe, I doubt now that I will ever see them again.

The hope I could be rid of the devil's door was shattered when a creature resembling a hairless moose with a bull's horns charged through the trees to the edge of the lake followed by a scaled bear the size of the house I was building. The scaled bear chased the hairless thing towards me, eventually crashing though the structure like it was made of twigs. I had never run so fast as I did then back to the door in the woods. At some point the scaled bear stopped chasing the hairless moose-thing and set its sight on me. I made it into the old house of mine just in time and slammed the door, praying to be anywhere but where I was. As soon as the door latched closed, it was suddenly silent. This nearly made me more afraid than the creature outside made me. I waited for so long but heard nothing. I tried to peek out but the door wouldn't open, the knob wouldn't even turn.

I spent a week locked in this house of perdition before I decided to venture out the only other door I could access. The back door was locked shut this entire time. The axe couldn't damage either door so that left the storm door in the cellar.

The hallways beyond are not of this Earth, I know now that I am certainly in Hell. Demons roam those halls. They will try to trick you, seduce you. Do not fall for their lies for your soul is at stake. There are other demons aside from the rat-thing I killed before. If a voice calls your name, do not trust it. 

The halls also have a mind of their own, maps are useless. The house exists in a field, that is always the same, but where this field is within the halls changes every time I venture out. When I first venture out, I had closed the doors behind me but once I left the field, something changed. Looking back, the house had spun to face a different direction and the giant room it was in looked different as well, the flat ceiling had changed to a domed one, painted with a landscape of dancing ants wearing clothes. Leaving the cellar door open is the only way I have found to keep this from happening but considering the demons that roam these cursed halls I do not dare do so for long. Even leaving the cellar doors open while exploring the halls risks a demon going into the house while I'm out. Sometimes the house is in a room like this, square just slightly larger than the field. Sometimes its in a far larger room with a painted sky. Once it was in an immpossibly large room with a single light shining down on the house. I couldn't find the walls no matter how far I walked from the house. I didn't venture into the halls that day.

Most of the time I searched the halls for food, water, or anything useful I could find. Looking for a way out was always on the forefront of my mind but at this point I don't think it will happen. If you are reading this, then you are trapped in this house as well. If you are brave enough to venture into the halls, this is what you need to look for:

1. Most of the time you will look for shelves. The collectors put whatever they find on them. Organize them. They don't seem to mind if you take anything but keep your distance or they will attempt to organize you too.
2. Many rooms in the halls you will find a large ball of something? Sometimes they have a light within, somethimes they pulsate like a muscle. You can break them open and usually something will come out but be careful, anything could come out of them; I have found a few fresh corpses this way. Food and supplies are common but sometimes something dangerous could come out. One had an entire pond's worth of water gush out, flooding the hall. I warn you, do not disturb these nodules with a collector nearby, this angers them.
3. Do not make unnecessary noise.
4. Treat every person you come across as a threat no matter how lonely you are. Best case is that they're someone else looking to survive and what you have is what they want, or it's another demon coming for your soul.
5. NEVER tell whoever you might find how to find the house.
6. If you hear the loud drone do not leave the house. Make your way back to the house if you are in the hallways as quickly as possible. Stay out of the light.
7. If you hear flapping overhead, do not look up.
8. When you come back, ALWAYS check the house for demons. Having one jump out of the attic when you think you're safe before going to bed WILL have consequences.
9. Pray at the shrine for protection and cleansing on the way in and on the way out.

I have stayed alive in these halls for nearly a year following these rules. I recently found this empty book in the halls so I am writing what I know. I feel I am losing my grip on reality and I am so very alone. 
I found this book, largely blank so that I decided to start writing about what has happened to me. I hope no one ever needs to read its warnings, but I pray that noone ever finds this house again. If someone does read this, please know that God has forsaken this place so for your health and your soul, hold him in your heart. Don't let this place break your faith.

If I never make it back home, I hope if anyone finds this, they do not commit the same sins I have. May God have mercy on us.

Day 2:
I am guessing I have been trapped in this house for about a year though there's no way to be certain ever since the front door opened to something other than the valley. I spent roughly three months in that strange forest with the giant bear creature before I broke the door. My time after that can only be measured by when I go to sleep as the clock has long stopped working and the sun never shines here. I'm now measuring the days by when I first found this book I'm now using as a journal.

Praise God that my excursion today has been bountiful. I came across the collectors today. They're small metal spiders, with bodies about size of a large dinner plate. I usually find broken nodules whenever I see them in large groups so they're not a bad way to find more supplies as long as you keep your distance. If you see one or two carrying something but otherwise alone, follow them. They'll lead you to a storage area where you might find more supplies. I found enough dried meat to last me a week and a bag of flour. There were also a few skeins of wine that I took with me just in case I run low on water. I still have half a barrel left in the cellar since I found that well pump a week ago in a side room. I'm not sure how fresh the flour is but it seems fine. Rot isn't something that happens here unless you come across a blighted area. Stay away from those. If you see one alone that isn't carrying anything, they're not worth following. They can roam for hours and if you're not keeping a map, you're bound to get lost. They're very much like ants bringing food to their colony.

Day 3:
I nearly died today. I didn't find much of anything during my search today except for a few nodules but they hadn't ruptured yet. Don't bother trying to cut them, my axe just bounces off them. The skin is tough like leather even though it feels like the surface of a liver. I came back to the house to call it a day, when just as I was approaching the cellar door I heard a voice behind me call my name. I quickly ran in and slammed the cellar doors shut. I wish I hadn't looked up to see who called me. It looked like me but it had no eyes, just black holes where they should be. It also had a large smile with long square teeth the size of a finger. Not fangs but if a normal person's teeth just grew longer, stretching his jaw. As soon as the doors shut, I could see it through the gap between them. It moved impossibly fast as I barred the door from inside. I'm just grateful that God has willed it that I found enough metal panels to make them stronger. I could hear it talking to me, calling my name, begging me to let it in. It claimed I was in his house. I knelt behind the shrine I made and prayed for God to protect me and cleanse me. The demon outside did not like this and shouted profanities at me and pounded on the doors and then pounded on other areas of the house outside. It did this until I went through a full set of prayer beads when the voice suddenly stopped. I will keep the candles on the shrine lit as I sleep tonight and continue to pray for God's protection.

*** The rest of the pages of the journal have been torn out. ***
