### Level 0: The Endless Archive.

  A maze of endless corridors full of shelves, chests, cabinets, barrels, and pallets of sorted detritus from the millions of extradimensional spaces that have leaked or collapsed. Strange spider-like beings, colloquially called "The Collectors", roam the corridors cleaning and sorting what they come across.  
  
  Either warehouses or libraries can be found here, as well as other things that call the halls of the Endless Archive home.  

### Level 1: The Terminal Athenaeum
  Adjacent to the Endless Archive is the Terminal Athenaeum. While called Level 1, it technically exists as part of level 0. However, it gains its distinction as its own level as one cannot access it without going through the Endless Archive first and is distinctly its own region. The Collectors bring any and every piece of writing to this section for catalogue. Acient tomes of magic, clay tablets, slates of wood carved in runes, and hastily written notes written on napkins that end up in the Archive in any and every concievable language are brought here by the Collectors. The collectors rarely stay though, dropping off their findings into repositories. A subset of Collectors take over. They're longer and taller, walking on four of their eight legs and using their other four limbs to catalogue, sort, and shelve the various media that get dropped off. Unlike the thier common Collector bretheren, the Librarians are distinquied by their white shawls edged with ribbons of ancient writings and may have a basket for which to hold more media resting on thier mechanical gasters. They seem to be able to understand speech, but genrally remain silent and aloof while going about thier work. Whenever an outsider enters the Eternal Library, a Librarian is guaranteed to be nearby, following. Watching. Cataloging.  
  
  The Librarians aren't hostile as long as you follow the rules.  
  * NOTHING archived in the Library leaves the Library.
  * If you pull a book from a shelf, do not attempt to put it back yourself. It's better to just leave it on the floor or hand it to the Librarian following you.
  * Give a Librarian a book or other form of media from the outside while stating any information on a piece of media you're looking for. If the Librarian nods, follow it. When it stops, look around. It'll be in that area. If it doesn't nod, you're on your own.

### Level 2: The Canals.
  Tunnels of brick, stone, or simply carved into rock channel various liquids, usually water, to other destinations. Cisterns, bottoms of wells, sewers can be found as well as the things that live in them.

### Level 76: The Forgotten Realm
  After the death of Nerull, Oerth fell into ruin. The delicate balance of powers was disrupted as Toril absorbed some of its reality. Level 76 is not Oerth, it is a shattered reflection of what Oerth once was. A dying world without a sun or its moons, a world of ash glowing with unnatural light. Nothing truly dies here, nothing is truly alive either. Ruins of old buildings lay scattered across the landscape in a rough approximation of their former locations on Oerth, mere shadows of what they once were. Every native in this level feels an immense sense of loss and longing but cannot remember what is was they lost or how. The world feels stagnant, like it's waiting for something to happen that never does.
  Light does not work here as normal but every creature in this realm gains darkvision 30ft if they did not have it. Creatures who already have darkvision find their normal range doubled. The range of shadowy illumination extends indefinitely in all cases. Magical darkness does not the same here either, attempting to create light or magical darkness will seem to work physically but their effects gain no benefits except to turn areas of shadowy illumination into brightly lit or vice-versa. Areas lit by actual light allow colors to be seen and removes shadowy illumination around it but does not block darkvision beyond it.
  Native entities who are exposed to actual light are entranced by it, especially if it flickers like fire or displays vibrant colors. (Will/Wis save DC 15 to resist)
  Visitors who spend too long in this realm without light find themselves beginning to forget who they are, feel like they're losing their identity, leaving behind a sense of great loss and associated grief. Regular exposure to light can stave this off for a period twice that of the time of exposure up to a day. Experienced visitors will do their best to keep a lantern lit around them at all times or at least sleep within the glow of a campfire or candle. 
  Natives who are exposed to light for at least 8 hours (long rest) begin to remember things about their past, who they were, and the land they're in as they once were. Otherwise they are either lethargic or trapped in their own routines based on what they were before. In the darkness, native entities don't age, they don't change. They are forever trapped in the prison of their minds; their losses, their doubts, and their identity. They don't get hungry, thirsty, or tired unless that was part of who they were before. Exposure to light essentially restarts the clock for them, allowing them to be "alive" for a time until the effect fades, then they resume who they were in stagnation.
  
  ## The Cathedral
    In the area that would have been the capital of the Ancient Suel Empire, a ruined cathedral exists. It's newer than the region would suggest as the ancient ruins of Suel lay around it. The gods and goddesses attributed to this place of worship have been eroded unnaturally to the point of being unrecognizable. One in particular looks like it had exploded outward, scattering debris around it and smashing several pews as a result. A crude bird skull appears to have been carved out of the remaining stone of the deity's effigy on the wall as if it had forcibly pushed the rest of the stone out from behind.
